README.md, before:

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js" title="Weery"><img src="./logo.png" width="128px"></a>
	<h3 align="center">Weery.js</h3>
</p>

<p align="center">Small library for DOM manipulating. Current support: <b>IE9+</b>.</p>

### - Installing

``` bash
npm install weery --save
```

### - Using

- es6 imports
``` javascript
import $ from 'weery'
```

- commonjs
``` javascript
const $ = require('weery');
```

- as global (download [weery.min.global.js][weery-global] and put before ```</body>```)
``` html
<script src="/path/to/scripts/weery.min.global.js"></script>
<!-- or use CDN -->
<script src="https://unpkg.com/weery@1.0.28/dist/weery.min.global.js"></script>
```

### - Availables

- [Attributes][attr]
- [Classes][class]
- [Element][element]
- [Events][event]
- [Common methods][common]

### - Build setup

You can setting own collection of necessary methods.

```bash
# Clone repository and install dependencies
npm install

# setting src/index.js and minimize to dist/
npm run build
```

[weery-global]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/dist/weery.min.global.js

[attr]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/docs/attr.md
[class]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/docs/class.md
[common]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/docs/common.md
[element]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/docs/element.md
[event]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/docs/event.md

Commit message:

about philosophy. correct link for cdn.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js" title="Weery"><img src="./logo.png" width="128px"></a>
	<h3 align="center">Weery.js</h3>
</p>

<p align="center">Small library for DOM manipulating. Current support: <b>IE9+</b>.</p>

### - Installing

``` bash
npm install weery --save
```

### - Using

- es6 imports
``` javascript
import $ from 'weery'
```

- commonjs
``` javascript
const $ = require('weery');
```

- as global (download [weery.min.global.js][weery-global] and put before ```</body>```)
``` html
<script src="/path/to/scripts/weery.min.global.js"></script>
<!-- or use CDN -->
<script src="https://unpkg.com/weery@1.1.5/dist/weery.min.global.js"></script>
```

### - Availables

- [Attributes][attr]
- [Classes][class]
- [Element][element]
- [Events][event]
- [Common methods][common]

### - Philosophy

If you don't need jQuery, but you want to use the basic methods to manipulate the DOM, install Weery. And if at some time you really need jQuery, replace Weery with jQuery. All Weery methods copy the jQuery methods (syntax, functional).

### - Build setup

You can setting own collection of necessary methods.

```bash
# Clone repository and install dependencies
npm install

# setting src/index.js and minimize to dist/
npm run build
```

[weery-global]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/dist/weery.min.global.js

[attr]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/docs/attr.md
[class]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/docs/class.md
[common]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/docs/common.md
[element]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/docs/element.md
[event]: https://github.com/sevenns/weery.js/blob/master/docs/event.md
